## Software License Agreement and Warranty Statement

MCCI IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU 
ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.  PLEASE READ THE 
TERMS CAREFULLY AND CLICK ON "ACCEPT" BEFORE INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, AS 
CLICKING ON "ACCEPT" AND INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT 
WITH THEM.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, THEN MCCI IS UNWILLING TO 
LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU, IN WHICH EVENT YOU SHOULD NOT PROCEED WITH 
INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE.

TO THE EXTENT THESE TERMS CONFLICT WITH ANY PREVIOUSLY SIGNED AND WRITTEN 
AGREED TO TERMS BETWEEN YOU AND MCCI, THE PRIOR TERMS SHALL CONTROL.

The software which accompanies this license (the "Software") is the property of 
MCCI Corporation ("MCCI") or its licensors and is protected by copyright law.  
While MCCI continues to own the software, You will have certain rights to use 
the Software upon your acceptance of this license.  MCCI grants You, the 
purchaser, a non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use this software 
under the terms of this agreement.  MCCI and its Developers remain the 
proprietors of this software and license its use to You.  You do not obtain 
title to the software or any copyrights or proprietary rights in the software.  
You assume responsibility for the selection of this software to achieve your 
intended results, and for the installation, use and results obtained from this 
software.  Additional rights and obligations regarding the Software and its 
contents may be defined by a separate written agreement with MCCI, and if so, 
such separate written agreement shall be controlling.

In the absence of conflict of such separate written agreement or except as may 
be modified by such a license addendum which accompanies this license, your 
rights and obligations with respect to use of this Software are as follows:

**YOU MAY:**  
License Grant (Single CPU or Network; Per CPU).  You are granted non-exclusive 
rights to install and use the Software on any single computer and/or transmit 
the Software over an internal computer network for evaluation purposes for a 
period of ninety (90) days, provided that You acquire and dedicate a licensed 
copy of the Software for each computer on which the Software is used or to 
which it is transmitted over the internal network.  A license for the Software 
may not be shared or used concurrently on different computers; however, if the 
Software is permanently installed on the hard disk or other storage device of a 
computer (other than a network server), and one person uses that computer more 
than 80% of the time, then that person may also use the Software on a portable 
or home computer.  You are authorized to use the Software only with unmodified 
data compilations licensed by MCCI (or an authorized reseller) to You.  You may 
not modify Software data compilations, nor may you use the Software with data 
compilations which have not been licensed to You from MCCI.  You may purchase 
additional licenses for the Software and/or Software data compilations from 
time to time. 

**RESTRICTIONS  YOU MAY NOT:**  
(i) permit others to use the Software, except as expressly provided above for 
authorized network use; (ii) modify or translate the Software;  (iii) reverse 
engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except to the extent this 
restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law; (iv) create derivative 
works based on the Software; (v) merge the Software with another product; (vi) 
export or use the Software data compilations, structures, or algorithms with 
another product; (vii) copy the Software; (viii) remove or obscure any 
proprietary rights notices or labels on the Software; or (ix) release or 
otherwise transfer the results of any performance or functional evaluation of 
the Software to any third party without prior written approval of MCCI.

**TERM AND TERMINATION**  
The evaluation license provided in this Agreement will continue in perpetuity 
unless You fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
You agree that, upon such termination, you will either destroy (or permanently 
erase) all copies of the Software and Documentation, or return the original 
Software and Documentation to MCCI, together with any other material you have 
received from MCCI in connection with the Software.

**TRANSFERS**  
You may not transfer the Software or any rights under this Agreement without 
the prior written consent of MCCI, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.  A condition to any transfer or assignment shall be that the 
recipient agrees to the terms of this Agreement.  Any attempted transfer or 
assignment in violation of this provision shall be null and void.

**OWNERSHIP**  
MCCI and its suppliers own the Software and all intellectual property rights 
embodied therein, including copyrights and valuable trade secrets embodied in 
the Software's design and coding methodology.  The Software is protected by 
United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  This 
Agreement provides You only a limited use license, and no ownership of any 
intellectual property. All content accessed through the Software is the 
property of the applicable content owner and may be protected by applicable 
copyright law. This license gives You no rights to such content.

**WRITTEN RECORD**  
The text of this Agreement is included with the Software files as 
"license.txt."You agree to print this text file immediately after 
installation of the Software and to maintain the printed copy as a written 
record of this transaction.

**DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**  
MCCI AND ITS SUPPLIER PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE AND THE DOCUMENTATION “AS IS” 
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING 
WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THE OPERATION OF 
THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR VIRUS-FREE, OR THAT THE 
SOFTWARE WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR CRITERIA OF PERFORMANCE OR QUALITY EXCEPT AS 
EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY.  All risk of quality and 
performance of the software and documentation is with You.   This disclaimer 
of warranty constitutes an essential part of this Agreement.

To the extent that this Warranty Statement is inconsistent with the 
jurisdiction where You use the Software, the Warranty Statement shall be deemed 
to be modified consistent with such local law but to the maximum extent 
enforceable in such jurisdiction.  Under such local law, certain limitations 
may not apply, and You may have additional rights which vary from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction.  For example, some states in the United States and some 
jurisdictions outside the United States may: (i) preclude the disclaimers 
and limitations of this Warranty Statement from limiting the rights of a 
consumer; (ii) otherwise restrict the ability of a manufacturer to make such 
disclaimers or to impose such limitations; or (iii) grant the consumer 
additional legal rights, specify the duration of implied warranties which the 
manufacturer cannot disclaim, or prohibit limitations on how long an implied 
warranty lasts.

IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, 
CONTRACT, OR STRICT PRODUCTS LIABILITY, SHALL MCCI OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS BE 
LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER KIND OF 
COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, EVEN IF MCCI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL MCCI BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF MCCI' LIST 
PRICE FOR THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE.  THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY 
FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

**EXPORT CONTROLS**  
The Software or underlying information or technology may not be exported or 
re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, 
Yugoslavia, North Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the United 
States has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's 
list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table 
of Denial Orders.  By downloading, ordering or using the Licensed Software, You 
agree to the foregoing and that You are not located in, under the control of, 
or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

**MISCELLANEOUS**  
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties with respect 
to the subject matter of this Agreement and merges all prior communications, 
representations, and agreements.  This Agreement may be modified only by a 
written agreement signed by the parties.  If any provision of this Agreement is 
held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only 
to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.  This Agreement shall be 
construed under the laws of the State of New York, USA, excluding rules 
regarding conflicts of law.  The application of the United Nations Convention 
of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

**UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT USE**  
MCCI represents that the Software and its documentation were developed at 
private expense and no part of same is in the public domain.  The Software is 
Commercial Computer Software provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS under the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations and agency supplements to them.  Use, duplication, or 
disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to the restrictions as set forth 
in the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFAR 
252.227-7013 et. seq. or the Commercial Computer Software Restricted Rights at 
DFAR 52.227-19, as applicable.  Contractor is MCCI, 3520 Krums Corners Road, 
Ithaca, NY  14850, USA.

MCCI is registered trademark of MCCI Corporation.
